I have divided the problem in small components so that I could easily implemment it. I first defined a function called **readLifeInput()**, which reads the initial configuration. The function reads input line by line, bypasses comments (the lines that start with **#**), and parses valid coordinates into (x, y) pairs and stores them in a Set. I used a set because it automatically removes duplicates and has membership testability. I also converted the coordinates to Long to have values like -2000000000000 included.

As I went through the input, I was aware that I needed to determine how the neighbors of a cell would be found. I added the **getNeighbors()** function, which takes a cell (x, y) as an argument and returns the 8 possible neighbors (2 vertical, 2 horizontal and the 4 diagonals).

The hardest was the application of the **nextGeneration()** method, which returns the next generation of live cells. To do this, I iterated through all the live cells and determined how many live neighbors each cell had. I used a **map** to hold the counts, with the cell as the key and the number of live neighbors as the value. This allowed one to calculate only the cells that matter (the current live cells and the neighboring cells), which was time- and memory-effective. After I got the number of the neighbors, I then implemented the rules of the Game of Life: a live cell is still a live cell if it has 2 or 3 live neighbors, and a dead cell is born as a live cell if it has 3 live neighbors. Finally, I returned a new set with the live cells of the next generation.

In the **main()** method, I employed these functions to input the initial data, iterate over 10 generations by calling the nextGeneration function in a loop, and output the final result in the proper format. I sorted the cells by their x coordinate before outputting them to ensure the output is uniform.

There were some issue cases I found when testing it. Single cells (like when input coordinates are offset by a great extent) die instantly because they do not have enough neighbors to survive.
